Add IL2001-IL2060 trimmer warnings (#25842)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/trim-warnings/il2037.md

---
title: "IL2037: Unresolved member in 'DynamicDependencyAttribute'"
description: "Learn about trim warning IL2037: DynamicDependencyUnresolvedMember"
ms.date: 08/25/2021
ms.topic: reference
author: mateoatr
ms.author: matorre
f1_keywords:
  - "IL2037"
---
# IL2037: Unresolved member in 'DynamicDependencyAttribute'

## Cause

The value passed to the member signature parameter of a <xref:System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.DynamicDependencyAttribute>
could not resolve to any member. Ensure that the value passed refers to an existing

> member and that it uses the format defined [here](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/blob/master/spec/documentation-comments.md#id-string-format).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
member and that it uses the correct [ID string format](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/blob/master/spec/documentation-comments.md#id-string-format).
```
